[Music]
now I am a mother and also a woman
married but not long ago was one
delinquent mind machine in
italy and too many high acts you think of
to take this responsibility on you
my enemies stop to sleep from
one year with himself the money to tremoni
listen to the hd we go drive when me
it's called a master stroke type
English or foreigner, however, to all
they call you so they call you right macisti
already the one obtained to assume which
it would be the other loses the best view
storming I played movies
magistri in hell on the left against i
dead for the very intro not dead alive
I concentrate and everything will change
I'm changing
renunciation like white work
[Music]
yes very low fathi is doing
going crazy is fighting because it is
forgetting about the plan it is true is true
in short, this is the safe direction
stunt
[Music]
at the beginning we are all good and then a
some point we all become bad is
so
[Music]
that was my future and that was how it was
I thought there is what can be called
to think that if that can be called
future
[Music]